Send and that we've covered on page optimisation we want to move on and focus on off page optimization
and in particular building power for bad things for your size.
So if you remember in a previous lecture I explained on Google sees a link to your size as a sort of
vote of confidence of a vote of confidence that your content is great that you are an authority on a
particular subject that you are a trusted entity in this space.
And really it's it Google takes all those things they look at them and they say well if everybody's
linking to them they must be great.
And as a result they run to you a lot higher in the search engine results what's crucial to remember
is that not all bottlings are created equal and because we want to really focus on the most powerful
quality by killings in this lecture I wanted to talk a little bit about the types of things that really
matter and at a high level water the strategies that you can use to get these.
So now let's talk about the characteristics of powerful babblings.
And these are the things that really matter.
So the first characteristic is that the link comes from web pages that are relevant to your needs.
So Google is pretty smart or don't understand the content of a web page and a Web site.
What it's advised and what they really like to see is links from web pages that are rather than tyrannise
.
So let's say for example you have a site that's about drones and you get a link from a site that spied
something completely different like babies or cars.
Well Google is not going to give that as much importance as if a link from another site that's related
to drones and be in the same area as you.
Because obviously this site that's about drones is a better authority on determining if your content
is good if it's relevant if it's better than anything else.
And that's why they give more ways to a link from a relevant page to the one to the new century.
So the second characteristic of a powerful bicycling is one that comes from a ranking web page.
Obviously a vote that comes from somebody who's already got a lot of authority is a great indication
that your content is crude and this is why it's so important to try and target web pages that have a
tortie that are in Aneesh and Gatlings from them.
And a third characteristic of a caricature by a claim because one uses in context effectively so is
spoken about an angry text before really that's just the text God.
The hyperlink is contained within.
So here's an example I've got click here.
That's the anchor text.
And then I've just got Google doc harmless link in there Sereny.
The reason that I'm context is so important is because Google sees this as an indication of watch your
site is really about.
So instead of just having an anchor text like Take care Bobby you really want to try and encourages
Tabar key words in that bottlings that people are linking back to ISIS.
And that really gives Google a good indication of waterside as advised when they see that arist sites
say that drones and they see that Texas says drones see their rank a lot higher now.
It's very important to remember that to look natural.
We don't want to have every back pointing to us saying drones you want to mix it up make it look natural
.
See might have drones you might have your brand name you might sometimes have take care of synonyms
for drones.
That looks unnatural and that's what we wanted to see.
But it's just important to know abash under-taxed and in trying encourages teaser branding keywords
seeking rank for all of those terms.
So the final characteristic of powerful back things are ones that are consistently being built.
This looks organic to the search engines Lechter growing your business getting better.
So it's important not just to build a load of back links in one month and have known the next month
.
What's better really is to get a handful of Bacchantes every month and grow like that looks natural
and that's what the search engines want to see.
So really to sum it up we want to focus on quality things.
We don't want to focus on just low quality and loads of links.
Really what's effective is honing in and trying to Gatlings and are following these characteristics
.
Snap we know the types of links that really matter.
Let's look at how do we get these links.
And you know earning them naturally is really the best way.
So you should have you think building is really a byproduct of building something that's genuinely worth
linking to whether it's your products or services the content that you produce or the opinions that
you share with your industry and peers.
So this is this type of thing because known as an editorial link and it's really where somebody places
including the body of a Content.
And it's it's kind of specifying the research.
So I'm sure he's never written a blog post he naturally linked off to something great you find where
even if you've ever written an e-mail you've linked off to some great resource that you say to somebody
you should check this out.
So it's really a form of citation on the web and on and generally This indicates that the destination
of the link is the original source of the the data the idea the concept or this statement.
So this is very natural I'm sure you've done it yourself.
So this is the best type of way to get things.
So the second way to get links is to do manual outreach and it's really this is actually e-mailing bloggers
and web masters and asking for links.
Now I see history as a supporting activity to the natural way of getting such really is creating something
really great that people naturally link to.
But sometimes you need to develop opportunities you need to draw their attention to your new content
and you really want to maximize the links for your content campaign.
So this is not something that's kind of dodgy.
I think if you really create a very good value proposition by explaining to them why the target is so
good and why creating things is in their best interest so later on in the course.
And I'm going to show you a couple strategies to hold to do this in a very effective way that's beneficial
for both you and the person linking to you.
Okay great.
And that concludes this lecture no kind of high level stuff.
And but I think it's really important to set the context of what we're really going after here because
these are the strategies that we're going to be pursuing in the next section.
These type of strategies to build powerful backings from sites that are within our reach and on a consistent
basis as well.
So I'm really important to take the time to lay that as a man let's move forward to similar clarification
.
You are the building introduction section